docs: added docs for `clean` (#1589)
react-native-community/cli: docs/commands.md

Path to the CLI configuration file.

### `clean`

Usage:

```sh
react-native clean
```

> Clean caches. Commonly used to ensure build failures are not due to stale cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cleans caches. Commonly used to ensure build failures are not due to stale cache. By default, it will prompt which caches to purge, with Watchman and Metro already checked.
```

#### Options

#### `--include <string>`

> Comma-separated flag of caches to clear e.g. `npm,yarn`. If omitted, an interactive prompt will appear.

Reviewer: Let's list all possible values here
